it's the clutch edition of the
overpowered top 5 plays of the week
sponsored by G 2 a.com use the code we
Opie at the checkout for an additional
discount in at number 5 is her kiddies
her kitties and he's not doing any Nutty
Professor shit and said he's being like
the Duff and just cock-blocking
everybody here taking out too has no
bullets but then XO stops the third and
then resets the satellite drone there
you know you're gonna just throw it off
the side of the map instead of killing
yourself right anyways then at the
number four spot his lady ruthless his
team is behind in this game of grapple
domination but she's gonna play some
defense on this Bravo objective picking
up some rice krispies right there snap
crackle and pop taking out one more and
then what are the five fingers say that
they smack I'm lady ruthless bitch as
she takes that guy out as well it picks
up two more kills make that a third
before finally getting taken off her
streak as her team ends up winning the
match and at the number three spot is
the amazing Brit 1v4 make that one v3
situation right there ranked play search
and destroy these two more players gets
another elimination drop down and get
his Eagle on girl or reload the gun
boost rapes down for that mick double
plus the fist toss that shit on the
grill to keep his team in the match 55
right there and at the number two spot
is Phillip lolly here putting a little
drop zone check out the score as tight
as it on vagina goes a nice little 360
no scope for the victory right there
team wins by 20 points let's check out
the game winning killcam little nice 360
noscope to take out the guy in the drop
zone to help us team win by the slimmest
of margins bucking at the number one
spot ilse Rudy here got 10 seconds left
to go in this game of capture the flag
score is all tied up at two mercs one
full flag runner goes down he goes and
picks it up there has got a dodge duck
dip dive and dodge on the way of all
those bullets XO slams down on top of
somebody who was going to pull their
flag and cops the flag with no time
remaining to win the match 322 right
there holy shit that was an amazing
clutch play as Megadeth would say by the
skin of his teeth if you got Clips like
these be sure to say
them in for next time overpowered place
at gmail.com subject line top five and
be sure to include your channel so I
give you proper credit let me know down
in the comments section which one of
these clips was your favorite